Before I start with the with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the the setting we're in,. These are cameras,. This thing that looks like a pie,. are actually all microphones. you must be careful with with all this. And as I can see you you have placed your laptops exactly on the place where it must be. And that has to do with the camera settings,. Welcome at the kick-off meeting. My name is Danny Wolfs. this is the agenda for today. and I think it's very good to introduce yourself. then a little bit of acquaintance, acquaintance to to to ourselves. that will be done with a tool training from the he these two smart boards. Then the project plan. and discussion about that and a little closing at the end. I'm the Project Manager.
I'm Juergen Toffs. I'm the User Interface Designer.
I'm the Industrial Designer.
My function is the Marketing Expert.
First a little about the project aim. the the the aim is to make a new remote control. maybe you have read read the website. there must be a new remote control. first of all it must be original, and trendy. But at the same time user-friendly. there are three stages. There is a functional design. Then the conceptual design. because at the detailed design, how, part two, we go to dig in really about how the the te the technical of If it's it's possible technical-wise. each stage is is broken up in two two stages, individual work and a meeting. the tool training. We have two smart boards. This one is for the presentations, the PowerPoint presentations or the Word presentation of whatever you you had. and this is only for drawing. This is called a smart board. and as you may have heard, the documents in the shared folder can be showed on this screen. Not in the the My Documents. So if you wanna show something, put it in the shared folder. This is very straightforward, with the save, the print, the undo, the blank, the select, the pen. I don't gonna explain it all,. because I think you know how it works. We we may not delete anything. So if you have drawn something, save it. At the white board on the left. Every every one of us must draw our favourite animal,. important is that we use different colours, and different pen widths. Widths. Widths. Would you start with drawing your favourite animal?
I don't know really how it works.
Drawing goes with this thing. Do not touch your hand on this little thingy here. And wait wait a few seconds. you can guess what it is. it's a cat.
You have to draw push hard on the pen. it is a turtle.
Tim, what kinda line width did you have?
The big lines were like nine.
It's a dog. So I think you can see it's real really a easy programme to use. Not difficult at all. Is it a rabbit? now we're gonna dig into the to the serious stuff. the selling price for the remote will be twenty five Euro,. and the production cost may not be more than twenty and a half Euro. from my point of view, I don't think it's gonna be very very high tech, high definition, ultra modern kinda remote, for twelve fift twelve and a half Euro. the profit we must make with the new remote is fifty million Euro. I think when the selling price is twenty five, you got two million, two million remotes. But our marketing range is, market range is international. now it's time for us to going to discuss a little things. You can think about experience with a remote control yourself, at home. What you think might be a useful new feature. what what's the most important thing at a remote control?
I think the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels. And my opinion is you should keep it as basic as possible.
So not a not a remote control who which can can be used for television and a DVD and radio
I have some points from marketing point of view. just the standard thing li things like intuitive, small, fairly cheap. I personally think it has to be multi-purpose. And by making it multi-purpose, it has a new feature, adds a new feature to the market,. maybe some other technology than infrared. think about sending it over radio waves or bluetooth. And something like an LCD screen.
For what purpose?
It's nice as an added feature feature,. that, when you're on a certain channel, you can see on the LCD screen what programmes are coming up or
It must be really innovative, technical-wise?
Our company is very good in making new innovative things.
So we must focus on things who are really really add something to to
To the current market.
At the beginning of such a project, it's it's it's very cool to talk about, well, this would be cool, that would be cool. but we must not lose sight of the the user friendly. you will have individual actions. the the the Industrial Designer has to look at the working design. the User Interface Designer has to look at the technical functions.
We must first agree on what we're going to going to make. Are we going to use it it for multiple systems? We should have some agreement on that before we
I I don't think we have to be, we have to agree on that.
I figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually.
We can plan further, I think.
We must have a little or kinda
Consensus on the, what we're gonna do.
A little plan on on what we're going to do. So you don't come up with the user requirements who don't fit the the the the technical functions at all.
If the technical functions have to be designed, I I've gotta know for what kind of machines they will be.
We all have a list of things that has to that have to be in it, or how it has to be like. And then in the next meeting we decide
We can take it from there.
Each individually i individually must think on what's at his point of view is the most important. You will receive specific specific instructions by your personal coach. And I see you in thirty minutes.